Promote paid plans slightly more in the doc (#1911)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/billing.md

## PRO subscription

The PRO subscription unlocks essential features for serious users, including:

- Higher [storage capacity](./storage-limits) for public and private repositories
- Higher tier for ZeroGPU Spaces usage
- Ability to create ZeroGPU Spaces and use Dev Mode
- Included credits for [Inference Providers](/docs/inference-providers/)
- Ability to publish Social Posts and Community Blogs

> - Leverage the Data Studio on private datasets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Leverage the Data Studio on private datasets
- Run and schedule serverless [CPU/ GPU Jobs](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/en/guides/jobs)
```

View the full list of benefits at https://huggingface.co/pro then subscribe over at https://huggingface.co/subscribe/pro

Similarly to the Enterprise Hub subscription, PRO subscriptions are billed like a typical subscription. The subscription renews automatically for you. You can choose to cancel the subscription at anytime in your billing settings: https://huggingface.co/settings/billing

You can only pay for the PRO subscription with a credit card. The subscription is billed separately from any pay-as-you-go compute usage.
Private repository storage above the [included storage](./storage-limits) will be billed along with your subscription renewal.

> Note: PRO benefits are also included in the Enterprise subscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: PRO benefits are also included in Team and Enterprise plans.
```

Author: wanted to prompt orgs to subscribe to highest Tier, ok?

> Note: PRO benefits are also included in the Enterprise subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: PRO benefits are also included in the [Enterprise subscription](https://huggingface.co/enterprise).
```
